I had 7 Amazon shares with me 6 years ago. The share was trading at around 250 USD when I sold my first 2 shares. I had quit my job with startup dreams and had to sell these shares to pay my bills. I had assumed that I would not need to sell the remaining 5. But within a year I had sold all of them. I guess I had sold the last for around 300 USD. Shortly after I sold them all, AMZN began its steep climb. Currently it is worth 1600 USD per share. So, yeah my heart burns whenever I see the AMZN ticker with a green arrow next to it.

Startups die often. Painfully as well. A part of it is due to the inherent risks associated with starting any business. But a lot of it is also due to mis-matched expectations. Startups, particularly the ones founded by young founders, tend to have a bias towards technology. A lot of thought goes into designing the software interface. But comparatively less thought goes towards the economic rationale for choosing specific business models. Again, some of this is intentional. 

AMZN is trading at 1600 USD now. It had briefly touched 2000 USD 4 months ago. The current fall is attributed to multiple reasons. Jefff B's divorce is one factor. A bigger factor is the hostility in Indian market - with the government enforcing regulations to stop steep discounting. But then, at this point of time in history these are all bound to be perceived as temporary aberrations. 

One thing is clear. Amazon's share premium is largely due to its AWS business. The retail business often acts as a dampener. Back in 2014, AMZN was still trading just at 300 USD because it was not yet apparent how much of a cash cow AWS really was. Amazon has recently released its 2018 earnings report.s